Dear, I'm afraid you don't know my identity, do you?
Now I'm the live sister of Tinh Vu entertainment company.
The number of fans but reached a million celebrities on the big network, I dare to lead an idiot to the company to provoke you
I really want to die.
The person who Zhang Dao wants to die is you, right?
I hope you can be so arrogant later.
Somebody break this idiot's leg for me
Teach this woman again.
Ok Miss Zhang
Stop. Do you know who he is?
He's your new boss, Xiaoqiang.
You're afraid you won't have to be with an idiot for a long time.
Who does not know that the boss of Tinh Vu entertainment company is Qin family and young master Qin Vu Feng
How could it be this idiot?
Qin Yu Feng transferred the company to me
Xiao Qiang, are you going to laugh at me?
This company is the most profitable company in the hands of Cat Nhi Shao
Why would he hand him over to someone else?
You're stupid to come home.
People don't even move their hands.
Or Director Lee will fire you.